Clone a code repository. Get hints for this challenge from Bow Ninecandle in the Elfen Ring.

Difficulty: 1/5

## Chat with Bow Ninecandle
Well hello! I'm Bow Ninecandle!

Have you ever used Git before? It's so neat!

It adds so much convenience to DevOps, like those times when a new person joins the team.

They can just clone the project, and start helping out right away!

Speaking of, maybe you could help me out with cloning this repo?

I've heard there's multiple methods, but I only know how to do one.

If you need more help, check out the panel of very senior DevOps experts.

## Terminal
We just need you to clone one repo: git clone git@haugfactory.com:asnowball/aws_scripts.git 
This should be easy, right?

Thing is: it doesn't seem to be working for me. This is a public repository though. I'm so confused!

Please clone the repo and cat the README.md file.
Then runtoanswer and tell us the last word of the README.md file!

> Based on this SO post
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21255438/git-permission-denied-publickey-fatal-could-not-read-from-remote-repository

> We can use either the SSH or the HTTP protocol to clone a git repo. The SSH method will not work if our public key has not been added to the GIT repo. So in this case we can try to clone via HTTP instead.

Syntax:

SSH
`git clone https://github.com/%REPOSITORYFOLDER%/%REPOSITORYNAME%.git`

HTTP
`git clone git@github.com:%REPOSITORYFOLDER%/%REPOSITORYNAME%.git`

So let's change
`git clone git@haugfactory.com:asnowball/aws_scripts.git`
to
`git clone https://haugfactory.com/asnowball/aws_scripts.git`

and voila:

```
Cloning into 'aws_scripts'...
remote: Enumerating objects: 64, done.
remote: Total 64 (delta 0), reused 0 (delta 0), pack-reused 64
Unpacking objects: 100% (64/64), 23.83 KiB | 1.49 MiB/s, done.

bow@9e259664f3eb:~$ ls
HELP.txt  aws_scripts
bow@9e259664f3eb:~$ cd aws_scripts/
bow@9e259664f3eb:~/aws_scripts$ ls
README.md     container.py        ec2-instances.py  network.py     security.py
analytics.py  create_instance.py  iam.py            put_policy.py  send_ssm.py
compute.py    debug_instances.py  inventory.py      sample.json
```

The last line in the README.md is:
>...  Someone may choose to fork your project or volunteer to step in as a maintainer or owner, allowing your project to keep going. You can also make an explicit request for **maintainers**.

```
bow@9e259664f3eb:~/aws_scripts$ runtoanswer 
                                      Read that repo!
What's the last word in the README.md file for the aws_scripts repo?

> maintainers
Your answer: maintainers

Checking......
Your answer is correct!
```
## Rejoice

Wow - great work! Thank you!

Say, if you happen to be testing containers for security, there are some things you should think about.

Developers love to give ALL TeH PERMz so that things "just work," but it can cause real problems.

It's always smart to check for excessive user and container permissions.

You never know! You might be able to interact with host processes or filesystems!

## Find the Next Objective

Talk to Bow Ninecandle for the next objective.