Use the Wireshark Phishing terminal in the Tolkien Ring to solve the mysteries around the suspicious PCAP. Get hints for this challenge by typing hint in the upper panel of the terminal.

Difficulty: 1/5

## Chat with Sparkle Redberry

Hey there! I’m Sparkle Redberry. We have a bit of an incident here.

We were baking lembanh in preparation for the holidays.

It started to smell a little funky, and then suddenly, a Snowrog crashed through the wall!

We're trying to investigate what caused this, so we can make it go away.

Have you used Wireshark to look at packet capture (PCAP) files before?

I've got a PCAP you might find interesting.

Once you've had a chance to look at it, please open this terminal and answer the questions in the top pane.

Thanks for helping us get to the bottom of this!

## Terminal

This all started when I clicked on a link in my email. Can you help me?                                                                           

1. There are objects in the PCAP file that can be exported by Wireshark and/or Tshark. What
 type of objects can be exported from this PCAP?                                           
: HTTP                                                                                     
HTTP is correct!                                                                          

2. What is the file name of the largest file we can export?                                
: app.php                                                                             
app.php is correct!

3. What packet number starts that app.php file?       
: 687                                                 
687 is correct!

4. What is the IP of the Apache server?               
: 192.185.57.242                                      
192.185.57.242 is correct!

5. What file is saved to the infected host?
> In app.php we see the following: `saveAs(blob1, 'Ref_Sept24-2020.zip');                                        
: Ref_Sept24-2020.zip                                                                      
Ref_Sept24-2020.zip is correct!


6. Attackers used bad TLS certificates in this traffic. Which countries were they registere
d to? Submit the names of the countries in alphabetical order separated by a commas (Ex: No
rway, South Korea).
> Use this filter in wireshark `ssl.handshake.certificates` and inspect the packets.
: Ireland, Israel, South Sudan, United States
Israel, South Sudan is correct!

7. Is the host infected (Yes/No)? yes


## Rejoice

You got it - wonderful!

So hey, when you're looking at the next terminal, remember you have multiple filetypes and tools you can utilize.

Conveniently for us, we can use programs already installed on every Windows computer.

So if you brought your own Windows machine, you can save the files to it and use whatever method is your favorite.

Oh yeah! If you wanna learn more, or get stuck, I hear Eric Pursley's talk is about this very topic.

## Find the Next Objective
Talk to Dusty Giftwrap for the next objective.