Try out some basic AWS command line skills in this terminal. Talk to Jill Underpole in the Cloud Ring for hints.

Difficulty: 1/5

## Chat with Jill Underpole

Umm, can I help you?

Me? I'm Jill Underpole, thank you very much.

I'm working on this here smoke terminal.

Cloud? Sure, whatever you want to call it.

Anyway, you're welcome to try this out, if you think you know what you're doing.

You'll have to learn some basics about the AWS command line interface (CLI) to be successful though.

## Terminal

`You may not know this, but AWS CLI help messages are very easy to access. First, try typing:
$ aws help`

> pulls up man page for AWS
```
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

NAME
       aws -

DESCRIPTION
       The  AWS  Command  Line  Interface is a unified tool to manage your AWS
       services.
```

`Great! When you're done, you can quit with q.
Next, please configure the default aws cli credentials with the access key AKQAAYRKO7A5Q5XUY2IY, the secret key qzTscgNdcdwIo/soPKPoJn9sBrl5eMQQL19iO5uf and the region us-east-1 .
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-quickstart.html#cli-configure-quickstart-config`

From the link provided:
>This section explains how to quickly configure basic settings using the config and credentials files that the AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI) uses to interact with AWS
>
>For general use, the aws configure command is the fastest way to set up your AWS CLI installation. When you enter this command, the AWS CLI prompts you for four pieces of information:
>
>Access key ID
>
>Secret access key
>
>AWS Region
>
>Output format
>
>The AWS CLI stores sensitive credential information that you specify with aws configure in a local file named credentials, in a folder named .aws in your home directory. The less sensitive configuration options that you specify with aws configure are stored in a local file named config, also stored in the .aws folder in your home directory.

```
elf@dbc79e94a6fa:~$ aws configure
AWS Access Key ID [None]: AKQAAYRKO7A5Q5XUY2IY
AWS Secret Access Key [None]: qzTscgNdcdwIo/soPKPoJn9sBrl5eMQQL19iO5uf
Default region name [None]: us-east-1
Default output format [None]: 
```

`Excellent! To finish, please get your caller identity using the AWS command line. For more details please reference:
$ aws sts help
or reference:
https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/sts/index.html`

> Security Token Service (STS) enables you to request temporary, limited-privilege credentials for Identity and Access Management (IAM) users or for users that you authenticate (federated users).

```
elf@dbc79e94a6fa:~$ aws sts get-caller-identity
{
    "UserId": "AKQAAYRKO7A5Q5XUY2IY",
    "Account": "602143214321",
    "Arn": "arn:aws:iam::602143214321:user/elf_helpdesk"
}
elf@dbc79e94a6fa:~$ 
```

`Great, you did it all!`

## Rejoice

Wait, you got it done, didn't you?

Ok, consider me impressed. You could probably help Gerty, too.

The first trick'll be running the Trufflehog tool.

It's as good at sniffing out secrets as I am at finding mushrooms!

After that, it's just a matter of getting to the secret the tool found.

I'd bet a basket of portobellos you'll get this done!

## Find the Next Objective
Talk to Jill Underpole for the next objective.